README.md, before:

# CS315 Exercise 2.1

An exercise for CS315 that demonstrates Kinetic motion. This is done with a CharacterBody2D in a platformer game.

## How to play

Click [here](https://bsu-cs315.github.io/e2-robinson/) to launch the game.

Press "Play" to start the game.

A: Run left

D: Run right

Space: Jump

## Third-Party Assets

Sprites from [Kenney's Abstract Platformer Pack](https://www.kenney.nl/assets/abstract-platformer), licensed under [CC0](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/).

Jewel collection sound from [Retro, Coin 06.wav](https://freesound.org/people/MATRIXXX_/sounds/515736/) by [MATRIXXX_](https://freesound.org/people/MATRIXXX_/), licensed under [CC0](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/).

## Report

All essential goals for increment 1 are met with this project.

There is a core gameplay loop with a start and end, with the start being pressing "play" and the end being collecting all 7 jewels.

The game doesn't produce any warnings or errors and complies with the style guide.

I have legal rights to use all assets incorporated.

Has a version release.

## Revision Report

Style Guide Error:

- Removed the assets folder in compliance with the style guide. 
- I thought an assets folder was permitted for assets relating to the main world, but I was mistaken. It has been resolved and I know for the future.

Web Demo Error:

- Web demo is now deployed off a separate branch instead of from the master branch alongside the project.

Commit message:

Add player expanding/flashing upon collect and jewels also explode

README.md, after:

# CS315 Exercise 2.2

An exercise for CS315 that demonstrates Kinetic motion. This is done with a CharacterBody2D in a platformer game.

## How to play

Click [here](https://bsu-cs315.github.io/e2-robinson/) to launch the game.

Press "Play" to start the game.

A: Run left

D: Run right

Space: Jump

## Third-Party Assets

Sprites from [Kenney's Abstract Platformer Pack](https://www.kenney.nl/assets/abstract-platformer), licensed under [CC0](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/).

Jewel collection sound from [Retro, Coin 06.wav](https://freesound.org/people/MATRIXXX_/sounds/515736/) by [MATRIXXX_](https://freesound.org/people/MATRIXXX_/), licensed under [CC0](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/).

Title screen music from [HopeOfMay.wav](https://freesound.org/people/supervanz/sounds/428870/) by [supervanz](https://freesound.org/people/supervanz/), licensed under [CC0](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/).

Gameplay music from [music.mp3](https://freesound.org/people/bsp7176/sounds/570634/) by [bsp7176](https://freesound.org/people/bsp7176/), licensed under [CC0](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/).

Death sound from [808BD_T1D7_X2wpo3.wav](https://freesound.org/people/bWpo/sounds/370657/) by [bWpo], licensed under [CC0](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/).

## Report

All essential goals for increment 2 are met with this project.

There are 3 demonstrations of juice, including one that was partially added in the previous increment:
- The jewels expand and emit particles when collected, inspired by the (Juice it or Lose it talk)[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fy0aCDmgnxg].
- The camera uses linear interpolation (lerp) to create an effect that makes movement feel more dynamic, inspired by an in-class demonstration.
- The player flashes and breifly increases in size when collecting a jewel, also inspired by the (Juice it or Lose it talk)[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fy0aCDmgnxg].

Proper media implementation is also included, with background music, sound effects, and sprites for the player and environment.
